Understanding the Error
The error message you encountered:

php
Copy code
Error: error:0308010C:digital envelope routines::unsupported
at new Hash (node:internal/crypto/hash:69:19)
at Object.createHash (node:crypto:138:10)
This error indicates that there's an issue with how the crypto module is being used, specifically with creating a hash. This often happens when there's a mismatch between the versions of Node.js, webpack, and other related dependencies.

Why the Error Occurred
Node.js Update: Recent versions of Node.js (starting from v17) made changes to the OpenSSL library and how certain cryptographic operations are handled. Some older versions of webpack and related packages (like webpack-cli and webpack-dev-server) used APIs or cryptographic methods that are no longer supported in the newer versions of Node.js.

Outdated Dependencies: Older versions of webpack and its plugins may use deprecated or unsupported methods from the crypto module. This can lead to the error you encountered when the development server or build process tries to use these methods.

How Updating Dependencies Fixed It
By updating webpack, webpack-cli, and webpack-dev-server to their latest versions, you ensured that:

Compatibility with Node.js: The latest versions of these packages are designed to be compatible with the recent changes in Node.js. The maintainers of these packages have updated the internal code to use supported cryptographic methods, avoiding the error.

Updated API Usage: Newer versions of these tools have updated their APIs and internal methods to align with modern standards and best practices. This includes how they handle file serving, module resolution, and other tasks that might involve cryptographic operations.

Changes in webpack Configuration
The change in the webpack configuration from:

javascript
Copy code
devServer: {
  contentBase: path.join(__dirname, "dist"),
  port: 9000
}
to:

javascript
Copy code
devServer: {
  static: {
    directory: path.join(__dirname, "dist")
  },
  port: 9000
}
Reflects an update in the webpack-dev-server API:

Deprecation of contentBase: The contentBase option was deprecated and replaced with the static property in newer versions of webpack-dev-server. The static property provides a clearer and more flexible way to specify the directory from which to serve static files.

Improved Configuration Structure: The new structure under static is more modular and can handle more complex static file serving configurations. It helps prevent potential issues related to outdated configurations and ensures that your setup aligns with the latest standards.

Summary
Updating webpack and related dependencies, along with modifying your webpack configuration, resolved the error by ensuring compatibility with the latest Node.js changes and by adopting updated, supported API methods in the tools you are using. This prevents the use of deprecated or unsupported cryptographic operations, thus avoiding the error you encountered.